Now I would like to give an overview of the
different container and utensils that you
will need to prepare ramen noodles in the
tomato sauce. First you'll need a spoon for
stirring your sauce and all those luscious
herbs and spices can combine within your pot.
Which I should also mention this is just a
small sauce pan or pot I'll use this to prepare
the noodles as well as cook the sauce in.
When cooking on a budget, you probably have
heard the expression that time is money and
you're probably one of those people who is
also cooking with time constraints. I like
to minimize my clean up by using a few containers
and utensils as possible so then we have a
fork, your fork is your most trusty companion
when cooking ramen noodles. You're going to
use this to drain our noodles, to stir our
sauce if we don't have a spoon, chicken out
of the can I mean and use this to eat your
ramen noodles with. So this is very important
if not crucial, a can opener if you're adding
chicken to your tomato sauce, a measuring
cup. You're just going to use this to really
measure out the two cups of water you'll need
to prepare the ramen noodles. This is a mixing
bowl that I use when I prepare ramen noodles
just a good place to mix all your ingredients
together, it can also be used as a serving
dish to eat ramen noodles directly out of.
I also have a plate and a bowl here just to
show that yes you can serve ramen noodles
with tomato sauce on a plate or in a bowl.